lane 1 are presenting nitro swimming hey
Jackson plane to from alaya swim 50 chi
the latest entry from Upper Dublin
Aquatic Club Michael Jensen dear top
seed in lane four from the pleasanton
seahawks maxime Rooney
plaint 5 from indy swimming Michael and
true
in 64 McFarland Spartan sharks daniel
kruger representing southern michigan in
lanes of it Cameron Craig Lenny for the
stingrays Tyler Harper championship
final men's 100-meter freestyle
Rooney quick off the blocks at point six
eight st. for Tyler Harper from Lane 8
Rooney & andrew out in under 24 seconds
this morning and this is an outstanding
matchup in the middle of the pool ladies
and gentlemen 50 meters in it's a 23-7
from Maxime Rooney 23 9 for Andrew no
need to hold back on this one here comes
Maxime Rooney in lane four Rooney
surging on top of the water opens up a
body length lead coming under the flags
and Maxime Rooney of the Seahawks at 40
9.35 becomes the fifth fastest 17 18 in
USA Swimming history what a performance
put your hands together for the a final
to the men's 100-meter freestyle
I